feat: supports reading config values from CLI (#605)
tlsnotary/tlsn: crates/notary/server/README.md

```bash
docker run --init -p 127.0.0.1:7047:7047 -v <your folder path>:/root/.notary-server/fixture/notary notary-server:local
```

## Configuration

- The Notary Server can be configured using three methods: a configuration file, command-line interface (CLI) arguments, and environment variables. These methods provide flexibility in how you set up and run the server.

1. Configuration File - By default, the server looks for a config.yaml file in the `notary/server/config/` directory. This file contains all the configurable settings for the server. 
   - Example:
   ```yaml
   server:
     name: "notary-server"
     host: "0.0.0.0"
     port: 7047

   notarization:
     max_sent_data: 4096

>      max_recv_data: 16384

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     max_recv_data: 16384
     ...
```

    ```
   
2. Command-Line Interface (CLI) Arguments    - You can override configuration file settings using CLI arguments when starting the server. CLI arguments take precedence over the config file.
   - Example:
   ```shell

>    cargo run -- --port 8080 --tls-enabled false --log-level INFO --max-sent-data 2048

Author: Yes, nice catch

   ```

> 3. Environment Variables can also be used to configure the server. They take precedence over both the config file and CLI arguments. The environment variables use the prefix `NOTARY_SERVER__` followed by the configuration path in uppercase, with double underscores as separators.

Reviewer: Also can we be more clear on the double underscores — maybe something like "it's used for nested configuration such as `tls.enabled` in the config file, which will be `TLS__ENABLED` on CLI"

> 3. Environment Variables can also be used to configure the server. They take precedence over both the config file and CLI arguments. The environment variables use the prefix `NOTARY_SERVER__` followed by the configuration path in uppercase, with double underscores as separators.

Author: yes definitely, your suggestion is easier to understand.

>    - Example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   notarization:
     max_sent_data: 4096
     max_recv_data: 16384

>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   ...
    ```
   

> 2. Command-Line Interface (CLI) Arguments - You can override configuration file settings using CLI arguments when starting the server. They take precedence over both the config file and Environment Variables arguments, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Command-Line Interface (CLI) Arguments - You can override *some* configuration file settings using CLI arguments when starting the server. This also takes precedence over the environment variable method below. E.g.
```

   ```shell
   cargo run -- --port 8080 --tls-enabled false --log-level INFO
   ```

> 3. Environment Variables can also be used to configure the server and take precedence over the config file. The environment variables use the prefix `NOTARY_SERVER__` followed by the configuration path in uppercase, with double underscores used for nested configuration such that `tls.enabled` in the config file, which will be `TLS__ENABLED` on CLI, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Environment Variables - This can be used to configure all the server settings, where it will override the config file. It uses the prefix `NOTARY_SERVER__` followed by the configuration key(s) in uppercase. Double underscores are used in nested configuration keys, e.g. `tls.enabled` in the config file will be `NOTARY_SERVER__TLS__ENABLED`. E.g.
```
